hey guys silly Prez here and welcome to
today's video in this video we are gonna
be talking about strategy for local
business using Google Ads so if you are
the owner of a local business and you're
currently running Google ads or you've
been thinking about running Google ads
in this video I really want to break
down a strategy a framework for you that
can really help you maximize your
potential in terms of the Google
advertising that you'll put in place so
let's get started looking here at my
screen you'll see I have these boxes
with arrows and what's going on right so
they're numbered by steps so on if we
look at the top here it says 1 and then
2 and then 3 and those are the steps in
this process in this funnel by the way
if you really want to learn more about
funnels and all great things like this
somebody that I learned a lot from is
Russell Brunson you can check them out
at click funnels I highly recommend him
and a lot of this inspiration came from
his work but with that being said moving
forward to this video first part in the
funnel is your traffic you need to first
and foremost have traffic so in the case
of this video we are using Google Ads
and I really like this funnel
specifically for Google Ads at people
reaching the bottom of the funnel so if
you're not familiar the bottom of the
funnel is people who are just about
ready to make a decision to make a
purchase
we usually before we make a decision we
go through steps and that last step is
the people we want to reach that there
they're just about ready to go all you
got to do is show up and not mess it up
so for example something they could be
searching is plumbers near me
chiropractors near me people who are
already ready to go and it's at that
point it's your job to just not mess it
up and show your ad so you're reaching
people that are right there and that's
really the power of Google Ads is
because you can reach people who are
looking specifically for what you offer
within your location right so within
Miami if you're a local business in
Miami or Chicago wherever you might be
so then the next step is they click on
the ad so then from there they go to
your landing page and I say landing page
and not website and the reason why I say
don't say website is because you want to
have a landing page and a landing page
is a specific page that answers a
question so if these people are coming
from Google ads and they are searching
for plumber near me you want to
to a landing page that says we are the
plumbers in Miami assuming you do
business in Miami and then on there you
want to make sure that the landing page
doesn't have any navigation so there's
no links that they can leave you really
that's the real big difference between
the landing page and the website is with
the landing page they go there the only
way they can leave the landing page is
if by they fill out the form on your
landing page or they click on the back
button versus your website there's a lot
of different links there's a lot of
different options and if you give people
more options or most likely to not take
any of them especially online with the
attention span being so short but
essentially a go to a landing page and
then from there on the landing page
ideally you want to have a video if you
can have a video that's really gonna put
you ahead of your your competitors so if
you can have a video great if not then
make do with high quality images but
essentially you would have a video in a
perfect world and then from there you
would have your headline your hook it'll
say Miami plumbers you know best rated
whatever it might be but you want to
have a compelling hook that not only
draws people's interest in that they but
that also tells them that they are on
the right page so if I just searched on
google plumbers in Miami and I go to
your landing page and you don't mention
Miami well then I might have some doubt
in my mind of are these people actually
located within Miami are they local to
me so that's very important in local
business type campaigns is using your
location to your advantage in your ads
and your landing page and your keywords
now the next thing is your offer you
want to make sure that you put an offer
on that landing page that isn't too
scary yes these people are ready to go
and they're they're searching plumbers
near me but don't ask them to buy right
away just get them in the door get them
on a phone call and then from there get
them in and then you can sell them your
service that's usually the approach when
it comes to services is first you want
to get them on the phone get them in
person and then you can close the deal
so further the offer this is where
things like free consultations are very
effective and you see them very often on
Google ads because you're reaching
people are just about ready to go you're
answering their question on the landing
page saying hey this is who we are this
is what we do this is why we're the best
and guess what come speak to us for free
with a free consultation so that is the
the approach you want to take there on
the landing page and then from there
they fill out the form on the land
Paige they contact you and then they go
to your Thank You page now on the Thank
You page this is a very lot of untapped
potential that people don't really take
advantage of so on the Thank You page
this is where you can use things like
urgency so for example they just fill
out the form now they're on your Thank
You page on the Thank You page tell them
hey guess what look thank you so much
for reaching out spots are limited the
sooner you get in contact us with us the
better so go ahead and make sure to call
us right now so you can get people to
move take action and call you with that
urgency the other thing as well you can
do is you can just have them connect
with you on social media you know the
more that you are connected with your
prospective customers the better so have
them connect with you on social media
you can put your social media links
there and be like hey connect with us on
social media and then from there after
the Thank You page once they fill out
that form they instantly get sent an
email and that's what this is here on
the bottom this email follow-up box
they're instantly gonna get sent an
email from your email autoresponder
system and there's a lot of different
email autoresponder services out there
one that you can use that's absolutely
free is MailChimp highly recommend
looking into them they're actually free
and you can check out MailChimp and you
can create a list of people that when
they fill out this form they get sent
into your list and then they
automatically get sent an email in
follow-up saying hey thank you so much
for reaching out we received your
information and we will be in contact
with shortly and hey by the way go check
us out on social media right you can
also plug it in there as well but the
idea is you want to make sure that these
people feel well received especially in
the internet today because if we don't
get instantaneous feedback we think one
it might be shady or two we just lose
interest so that email follow-up is very
important and then the last piece in
this puzzle that I kind of skipped over
but it's very worth mentioning is some
form of retargeting some form of
recapturing so going back to step two
here is not everyone who comes to this
landing page is going to fill out the
form or call you actually the reality is
most of them are gonna leave now by
making your landing page better by
testing your landing page you can
improve the conversion rate so that more
people reach out to you when they get
here but the reality is you're not going
to capture everyone no one has 100
percent conversion rate it's just not a
thing now what you want to do is the
people who leave the
Paige and did not fill out that form or
called you you want to make sure you
start recapturing their attention with
remarketing with retargeting so in
google the way we can do that is using
the Display Network so using the Display
Network we can retarget people that came
to this landing page and they did not
fill out the form they did not contact
us and we can do it via images or video
again video is very very powerful
especially in today's age and it's on
the rise so I highly recommend video but
if not high-quality images are very good
as well so that is it for this strategy
it's the the one-two-three punch and
this is a very effective local business
strategy I notice from from reviewing
accounts that many businesses are using
this strategy but they are not using it
to the capacity that which they can be
so for example they have the traffic
side of things they have a landing page
but they don't necessarily have the
landing page structured as well as it
could be using these elements the other
thing as well is they don't have
retargeting set up so they're not
recapturing attention or perhaps they
have the traffic and the landing page
and the retargeting but they're not been
utilizing the Thank You page to its its
greatest capacity by using urgency and
getting people to further engage with
you or they just don't have email
follow-up so there's usually something
missing so really go ahead and make sure
that you take this concept you take the
strategy and you utilize it to its
fullest potential and really maximize
each piece of this funnel so you can
really get the most bang for your buck
so that's gonna be it for this video I
hope you got tremendous value from this
and if you did and you're interested in
Google Ads and PPC content I upload
videos every week on these topics so go
ahead and make sure to subscribe to the
channel and if you have any questions or
any comments or concerns at all feel
free to drop them the comment box down
below or you can message me directly and
I'll be more than happy to give you more
context on how this strategy can help
you and your business alright have a
good one
I'll see you next time take care
[Music]
you